Week 1

Started first sprint on JIRA with initial tasks. scheduled a meeting and discussed about the project.
CircEx has some problems with the time frame, so we decided to go for Film Finder. Assigned tasks for everyone.
Discussed the objectives of the project.

Week 2

Created a document for everyone to update the functional requirements and user stories.
Worked on UI/UX and functional requirements.
Created Adobe XD prototype.
Worked on User Stories.
Organised a meeting discuss progress and retrospection.
Conducted scrum daily stand up meeting and retrospection.
Discussed about the tasks and approach with recommendation model.

Week 3

Started new sprint on Jira.
Updated UI UX design wire frames.
Updated user stories, added more information to backlog.
Formatted the project proposal document.
Created cloud server architecture and technology stack diagram.
Organised story point estimation meeting with team for user stories.

Week 4

Finished story point estimation with team.
Worked on frontend boiler code which includes initial page, routing and server.
Conducted Scrum meeting and discussed about the Demo.

Week 5

Presented the Demo. Organised a Retrospective.
Organised Sprint planning and started new sprint.
Worked on Retrospective report and submitted.
Worked on CWV 61, 136, 64
    - Home page layout, SignUp and Login page, Header components.
Organised scrum meet for status update - monday.

Week 6

Organised scrum meet for status update - wednesday.
Worked on CWV 136 - User Menu options.
Worked on CWV 63,65 - Sign-up and Login form validation.
Worked on CWV 85 - Routing and Navigation.
Worked on CWV 22 - Movie page, review, add to favorite, watched, wishlist, share
Worked on CWV 17 - User Profile edit, change password

Week 7

Organised Sprint planning, retrospective - wednesday
Worked on user session management using cookies - CWV 138,140
Worked on CWV 26,27 - Adding and removing banned users
Worked on CWV 31 - Wish lists
Worked on CWV 32,33 - public or private wish list and sharing
Organised a meeting to discuss API progress and testing

Week 8

Attended the Demo B.
Submitted Retrospective B report.
Fixed issues with navigation and some front-end bugs.
Worked on Integrating front and backend while fixing bugs.
Integrated - authentication, user, wish list, homepage.
Finished Integration and testing and raised JIRA tickets for bugs in API.

Week 9

Implemented the fixed bugs and refactored the code.
Integrated missing API, search and movie recommendation API.
Fixed front end bugs.
Fixed AWS RDS and EC2 instance.
Deployed front end and backend production server.
Fixed

